NARRATOR:
Previously on Warehouse 13:
PETE:
That's an artefact from Warehouse 12.
Something about mind control.
Thought there was just one.
Very good, gentlemen.
What is Benedict Valda doing here?
He died in Egypt in a pit of fire.
He's replicating artefacts.
Eleven? There should be 12.
STEVE: This portal opens
to the Regent sanctum in China.
- We both know it wouldn't have worked.
- Ha, ha. Why do you say that?
Because you're in love with Myka.
What happened to Claire?
ARTIE:
Your sister was infected by the music box.
The only solution
was Oliver Sacks' record player...
...that keeps her in a perpetual coma.
- What happened? Where's Claire?
- She's gone.
[♪♪♪]
Did I do this?
I tried to cure Claire.
Did I somehow make her worse?
- If I did, I swear to God....
- No!
- This is not your fault.
- But what if it is?
What if I woke something up
inside her...
...something more dangerous
than what was already there?
Trust me, we're gonna find her,
but, Claudia...
...I need you present,
I need you focused.
- Claire needs you.
- Okay, all right.
She couldn't have woken up by herself.
Not with Sacks' record player keeping her
in a coma, which by the way is also gone.
- Nice security in this place.
- Might've noticed that when you broke in.
Obviously, somebody hacked into
their video surveillance system.
Probably the same way that you did
when you broke in.
Well, then somebody should run a
diagnostic of their entire security system...
- ...shouldn't they?
- Mm.
Without Sacks' record player
keeping her in check...
...Claire would've trashed
this place.
Yeah. Whoever did this knew they had to
keep her attached to the record player.
But who even knew she was here,
much less wanted to break her out?
Well, let's have a look, shall we?
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Good. Spectrometer covers five hours.
- If Claire were still here, we can....
- We can fast-forward.
Good. I wanna see that son of a bitch
I'm gonna put in the ground for this.
There! Who's that?
- That's impossible! It's--
- Benedict Valda.
[♪♪♪]
[DEVICE WHIRRING
AND CLAIRE GASPS]
Time to rise and shine.
Who are you?
[BREATHING HEAVILY
THEN GASPS]
- What is this thing?
- That won't come off.
It allows me to control your
prodigious powers, Miss Donovan.
You'll do exactly what I say.
Like hell I will.
[INHALES DEEPLY
AND GRUNTING]
- No! Aah!
VALDA: Calm down.
Calm down. Down.
Get up.
Come.
No.
[HIGH-PITCHED NOISE]
[SCREAMING]
Oh!
Good. You will do as I say.
Yes.
You and I are going to
do great things, Miss Donovan.
[♪♪♪]
PETE:
So, Valda is alive. He's alive.
How come Valda didn't die
in Warehouse 2?
So, why wait three years
to show up?
This is not the Valda that we knew.
If my theory is correct...
- ...then this is the Valda--
- From the alternate time continuum.
Great. The Nazi Valda. Fun!
[BELL RINGING]
Pete, put it back!
Well, I never knew
it did that. Cool.
- Stop touching things!
- Right.
Okay. So, how did that Valda
get into our time continuum?
Versailles forks.
Took one out of my bag
while I was his prisoner...
...and used it to prevent
himself from becoming erased.
Now he's here, what'll he do?
Well, this new Valda,
he's from a militaristic world...
...where ruthless experimentation
in the name of scientific progress...
- ...that was the norm.
- And he's got my sister.
I just got her. I'm not about to lose her
to some psycho from another dimension.
When I get my hands on him,
I'm gonna snap off--
Use that energy to figure out
why he took her.
Fine. But I'm doing it angrily.
- Like that.
CLAUDIA: Oh, my God.
Guess who's been hiding out at his room
in the dead agent's vault.
Weasel covered his tracks, until now.
STEVE:
Been in the Warehouse the whole time.
That's how he knew about Claire.
- Pete, come on.
- Huh?
Uh, you and me? Alone?
Bring your favourite teddy bear
and a night-light. Come on.
Jinksy, up for a little
snoop and poop?
Huh? Six eyes are better than four.
Aren't they, Artie? Artie.
Do whatever the hell....
I'm okay. I'm gonna stay
and help these guys out.
Come on. I'll take off my shirt.
Been working on my guns.
How about working on your breath?
[BREATHES]
PETE: As if Valda squatting in
the Warehouse wasn't creepy enough...
...now we gotta rummage
through his stuff?
Whoo. Well, clearly,
he's been busy in here.
Yeah, but doing what?
What does it have to do with Claire?
Maybe these artefacts will tell us.
We just have to figure out what they do.
I'll grab a laptop,
we can check the database.
I can do it.
- No, it's okay, I got it.
- No, no, no. Really, really? Because I--
- I don't mind.
- Yeah, thanks, though.
[♪♪♪]
PETE:
So, here we are...
...just us.
- Hi. Huh?
- What are you doing?
- Get back to work.
- What? Yes. All right.
Look, I'm taking inventory
of Valda's personal effects, all right?
You should be.... I don't know,
look through the files or something.
Sounds like a date. A plan.
It sounds like a plan.
Because a date, that would be--
That would mean--
You have got to stop eating sugar.
[♪♪♪]
How? How can you be--?
No! Aah!
[♪♪♪]
- Hey, Mykes.
- Yeah.
Valda seems pretty interested
in Claire's freaky psychokinetic powers.
Uh, the alternate Valda, he got
his jollies out of copying artefacts, right?
Right. He replicated
the Spine of Saracen.
Exactly. He made a bunch
of zombie warriors.
Now, what if he was gonna do
the same thing with Claire?
Right. What if he was gonna use her...
...to create an army of telekinetic
rage monsters to conquer the world?
Probably not.
But then, why does he have
all her medical records?
I don't know. But there's one item
missing from his personal effects.
- It's a safe deposit key.
- So?
To a box in the Regents' vault.
MYKA:
What artefact does Valda want from here?
ARTIE:
I have no idea.
[♪♪♪]
Let's hope he hasn't got
his hands on it yet.
PETE: I'm guessing Keeler
not answering his phone is a bad sign.
[♪♪♪]
Oh, no.
Keeler!
But there's something....
What?
Get out! It's a trap!
[GRUNTING AND YELLING]
[♪♪♪]
[MYKA GRUNTING]
PETE:
Careful, careful.
- Artie?
MYKA: Oh, my God.
- Looks like an Artiesicle.
- Okay.
- We have to neutralise the statue.
Yeah. Do it.
Okay.
[MYKA GRUNTS]
How we gonna get through the ice?
This Inukshuk probably
belonged to Sir William Parry.
- Gonna need more than that.
- Basically it means...
...that Artie has been
cryogenically frozen.
And that means what?
Well, we have about an hour to
thaw him out before he freezes to death.
There it is. I knew there was
some bad news in there somewhere.
Okay, so, what if we try to internally
elevate his body temperature?
Wait a minute, Mykes. Uh, you
remember those-- Uh, the glasses...
...that Artie used to warm up the guy that
got zombified by the Donner party jar?
Yes! Alfred Butz,
the inventor of the thermostat.
- Let's call Steve. Whoo!
- Let's call him.
- Let's call him out there.
- Okay.
Okay, I'll take the glasses
to Pete and Myka.
- Are you okay here on your own?
- Of course.
I'm following Artie's sage advice.
Channelling my anger.
That's not what he meant,
but if it makes you feel better....
Oh, it does. Very much so.
Go, save Artie.
Artie too. You keep giving me reasons
to kick your ass, Mr. B.
[♪♪♪]
[CHATTERING]
Ear plugs.
[CELL PHONE RINGING]
Right on time.
Please put in those ear plugs
I gave your driver.
VALDA:
Place the needle.
[ALL GRUNT]
Thirty minutes.
These people will suffer seizures.
Then their internal organs
will begin to shut down.
Ultimately, they'll die.
Imagine the havoc you could wreak
upon an air traffic control tower...
...the New York Stock Exchange
or a military installation.
With weapons such as these, you can
defeat your enemies undetected.
This is but one artefact
among tens of thousands...
...artefacts that could and should
be engineered as weapons...
...tools, building blocks
for the advancement of your empire.
Today...
...they're locked away, useless.
But with forward-thinking people
like you and I in charge...
...we can take these objects
and change the course of human destiny.
Have I piqued your interest?
Place this Mason's Square...
...in the location that we've chosen
and we can begin.
Come along now, Claire.
We have one more
important stop to make.
PETE: Hey, look at that.
MYKA: He's warming up.
Now, this is that walking stick
that causes earthquakes, right?
Yeah. It's all we could find
on such short notice.
No, no, no.
I think this could work. I mean...
...the quake might shake the ice off
the statue long enough to bag it.
MYKA: Do it.
- [IMITATING THE HULK] Pete smash.
[ALL GRUNTING]
[GRUNTING]
- I hated that.
- Good, he's grumpy. He'll be okay.
What the hell was that? Oh.
[POCKET PING BEEPING]
Oh, I got a ping. I got a ping.
- Ping. Ping.
- I'm gonna.... I got it. Here we go.
- Give me my ping.
- It's okay. I got it.
Oh, my God.
A bunch of people just fell
into spontaneous comas...
...at a park in Rapid City.
We know what Valda's doing
with Sacks' record player.
You know, without
Pilates resistant bands...
...to keep the circulation flowing,
all those people could die.
With that many victims, there
wouldn't even be enough to go around.
[MUMBLING]
[♪♪♪]
Okay, uh, you know what, Steve?
Why don't you stay here
and keep an eye on Artie?
- And, um, Pete, you come with me. Okay.
- Huh?
[STUTTERING]
Uh.... What? What....
Or you guys can go deal with that
and I stay with Artie, huh?
MYKA: Lattimer!
- Huh?
- Pete!
- What?
That's the third time today
you've tried to avoid Myka.
I'm not avoiding Myka. Why would I
avoid Myka? I'm so not avoiding Myka.
You're lying.
[♪♪♪]
You know what, Steve?
That whole lying bit got old
six minutes after you got here.
Mykes, look!
[♪♪♪]
MYKA: Pete, some of them
are starting to have seizures.
The record player got to the EMTs and
police when they came within earshot.
You got those ear plugs?
- Ready?
- Yeah.
Ew....
What the hell?
[♪♪♪]
Why does he have this?
Oh, Valda. You sick freakazoid.
[SIRENS WAILING]
Pete! I'm just gonna
keep them inside the truck.
- Okay, I'll stop the record player.
- Okay.
Wait. Secret Service.
Stay inside, don't get out.
Fudge. Aah!
[EXPLOSION]
Pete!
- Pete?
- Mommy?
Hey! I would've called, but I figured....
Yeah, what the hell just happened?
Help me.
MYKA:
"Chuck Yeager's favourite L.P."
He's the guy who broke the sound barrier.
Oh, my God! Valda switched the records!
Hey! Hey!
It's the Iron Shadow's underwear.
Charles Atlas' workout trunks.
This looks like a job for....
Ugh, unh!
- Dizzy, sleepy.
- Okay, put me in, coach.
- No, no. I got this. Yeah. Okay.
- Are you sure?
CLAUDIA:
Oh, right. You've been there, done that.
[LOUD FOOTSTEPS]
[EXPLOSIONS]
[GRUNTS]
[GRUNTING]
[RUMBLING]
Myka! Myka! Mykes!
- Are you okay?
- Yeah.
- Unh.
- Oh.
Thanks, partner.
- Uh....
- Ow!
I'm sorry.
- What are you listening for?
- Shh, shh!
Vibrations.
Every artefact resonates
with a unique frequency.
If I come upon a silent box....
[♪♪♪]
- No, no, no, no. Empty.
- What?
What did Valda take?
It's not what he took.
It's what he's gonna do with it.
Benedict Valda is gonna
steal the Warehouse.
What do you mean, Valda is gonna
steal the Warehouse? How?
With, among other things,
the Setting Maul of Hiram Abiff.
The Getty Mall at High Cliff? What?
Uh, a Setting Maul.
It's kind of like a mason's hammer.
Hiram Abiff.
He was an architect, who according to the
Freemasons, built Solomon's first temple.
And his hammer is integral to
the relocation of the Warehouse...
...from one country to the next.
How do we stop Valda if he has
everything he needs to steal it?
He does not have everything. The Setting
Maul is only one of three artefacts...
...that precipitate the moving
of the Warehouse. The others are...
...the Mason Square and the Compass.
STEVE:
He already stole the Square.
So he's probably already chosen
the location of the new warehouse.
Now, the placement of the Square tells the
Compass where to transport the artefacts.
How does the Compass work?
Once the Setting Maul has been
reassembled, it activates the Compass.
Then, the Compass sweeps
the Warehouse...
...converts the artefacts' energy,
directs all that energy...
...to the new warehouse.
That's what completes the transfer.
- Say what?
- It's like the transporter...
...from Star Trek,
minus the dilithium crystals.
- Oh, cool.
- For safety the Maul is separated into two.
- The handle and the hammer.
- The handle's been taken from the vault.
The hammer is located at
the birthplace of the host country.
See, I'm not just a pretty face.
So, yes.
When it's time for the Warehouse
to move...
...then the two pieces
of the Maul are reunited.
And the Compass is triggered,
which begins to phase out the artefacts.
To complete the transfer...
...the Setting Maul has to be struck against
the cornerstone of the new warehouse...
...phasing in the artefacts to that location.
We have to stop Valda from doing that.
So, Valda already has the handle part.
We just need to get to the hammer
before he does.
- Well, I get that. Let's just do that.
- Where's it buried?
The hammer is hidden at
The Green Dragon Tavern in Boston.
Of course. That's where the
Boston Tea Party was conceived...
...and the American Revolution was born.
You three get to Boston right now. Steve
and I are gonna lock down the Compass...
...to keep it from being activated. Go!
STEVE: Why do they call it
the Isle of the Widow's Son?
ARTIE: Originally it's a Freemason's....
Don't you have Wikipedia? Look it up.
- Look out for the rat!
- Ooh! Ooh.
All right. We keep the Compass in here
in the Widow Son's Isle...
...because this is one of the most secure
and safe areas in all of the Warehouse.
[BEEPING]
- So when you say "safe"....
- Don't start with me!
Valda!
- He must've already moved it in position.
- So let's go get it.
Well, why didn't I think of that?
The only thing is, I don't know
where the position is, do you?
As you may have noticed,
this warehouse is rather large.
[♪♪♪]
MYKA: No Valda.
- No Claire.
PETE:
How did we beat him here?
Well, uh, this bar was built
over the original...
...Green Dragon Tavern
which was demolished in 1854.
So, I'm guessing Valda
might be at the new one.
Good thing he doesn't have a Myka.
Yeah, but why steal the Warehouse?
Why not just take it over?
Maybe he wanted to re-create it.
Make it more like the version
he knew under Paracelsus.
Oh, that's a sobering thought.
You know what I still don't get?
The record player thing.
I mean, was it supposed to be
some sort of distraction?
- Or a demonstration.
- Hmm.
Oh, snap.
It's an open house for the new owners.
CLAUDIA:
Guys, over here.
PETE: She's a Regent.
- He's been here.
Or he's still here.
What we need is behind that wall.
[RUMBLING]
- What the hell was that?
- Sounds like it's coming from below us.
Claire!
[♪♪♪]
Claudie, wait!
PETE:
Myka! Mykes, hold on!
Okay, we don't know if it's....
Safe.
Claire, please,
I know you don't wanna hurt me.
I told you, telekinetic rage monster.
Pete, wait.
If Claire loses consciousness...
...that thing could crush Claudia.
- So how do we stop her?
- The lens is how he's controlling her.
VALDA:
Put down your weapons.
Or Claire will crush her like a grape.
[MYKA YELPS]
Come on, Claire. Fight him. Fight back.
She's still in there.
I know you can hear me.
[GRUNTS]
You really think we're gonna let you
steal the Warehouse?
You really think you have a choice?
Bury them.
[ALL GRUNTING]
[♪♪♪]
[WHIRRING]
[DOG BARKS]
No!
- Artie, what is happening?
- It's Valda.
He's reassembled the Setting Maul
and activated the Compass.
The Warehouse is beginning to move.
[BARKS]
I know.
[♪♪♪]
Can you tell where Valda put it?
It's gotta be somewhere
under the Warehouse.
- There's an "under the Warehouse"?
- Stay!
[WHIMPERS]
Not you, Steve.
[BARKS]
[PETE GRUNTING]
MYKA:
Put your back into it, Lattimer.
If I put my back any more into it,
my kidneys are gonna explode.
This is never gonna work.
We're just gonna find another way out.
What if that is the only way....
[GASPS]
- Whoa.
- Claude?
The second Valda trapped us
down here, I started feeling...
...something different, something bad.
Worse than the Warehouse moving?
Yes, something else. Something about
my connection to the Warehouse.
Okay, look. This was once
a safe house where...
...Paul Revere and the Sons of Liberty
plotted against the British, right?
- Right.
- So?
So if the redcoats raided this place
during a secret meeting....
- They'd need an escape route.
- Yes.
Alrighty.
[♪♪♪]
All right. So, Paul Revere, right?
One if by land.
Two if by sea.
Three if by secret passageway.
Zoinks!
[♪♪♪]
Velma, Daphne, let's go.
Are you sure the neutraliser
will stop it?
I stopped being sure of things in 1983,
but if we don't do something...
...then everything in the Warehouse
will disappear.
So, no pressure.
[♪♪♪]
You do have a plan B, right?
Silly string? That's what's
gonna save the Warehouse?
I once saw this particular silly string
lock up the entire Gooery.
Start spraying.
[♪♪♪]
- We did it?
- Yes!
Yes?
[PETE SCREAMING]
What? I hate spiders.
Okay, listen. We really need
to find out where Valda went.
One good thing about Boston,
there's cameras everywhere.
So he should turn up
on at least one of the....
Ha! I got you!
MYKA:
Diplomatic plates.
Okay, according to the UN database...
...licence plates with the letters "CY"
belong to...
- ...the Chinese consulate.
- Outsourcing, huh?
This guy gets more evil
by the minute.
We really need to loop in Artie.
The limo tracks to a private airfield
outside of Boston...
...where a delegation of Chinese
diplomats just departed for Beijing.
CLAUDIA:
He's taking the Warehouse to China?
Man, I don't wanna work in China.
It's probably impossible
to find a good burrito.
I would imagine that China
is the only country...
...with the financial power
and tactical wherewithal...
...to create the kind of warehouse
that Valda has in mind.
All right.
Let's get to Beijing and stop him.
Well, how?
Valda is already wheels up.
Yeah. But we've got a portal.
[♪♪♪]
- I'm not ready for the Warehouse to move.
- This can't be the end.
This isn't the end. We won't let it be.
Hey!
- Good, we're almost ready.
- Artie!
I think Claire has more to do with this
than we think.
- I'm afraid Valda has plans for her.
- What makes you think that?
If getting the hammer was all he
needed her for, he would've killed her.
But he hasn't.
I feel he needs her
for something more important.
I think I know what it is.
What? That's a bad tone. What?
The Warehouse will recognise
a caretaker.
The first caretaker of Warehouse 13
was killed...
...in the fire of 1898.
After that, her sister took over.
- Mrs. Frederic....
- Had a sister?
So what?
The Mrs. Frederic of the East?
That's why Valda was going through
the Donovan family records.
And that explains the bad juju
I've been feeling.
Valda is going to make Claire
caretaker of his new warehouse.
A very powerful one
that he has control over.
I wonder if a mini Tesla Grenade
will fit in Valda's mouth?
Claudia!
Be careful!
He's gonna continue to use Claire...
...against you and
he has total control over her.
Not total. I saw her fight him in Boston.
She's still in there, I can reach her.
Don't let your feelings for her
be your blind spot.
Valda's hooks may already
be in her too deep.
I saw it, too, Artie.
She's not his, not yet.
- I've just gotta find a way in.
- Yeah, well....
Find it fast.
All right. Listen up.
If my contact in China is right,
Valda...
...is heading for the
Beijing National Stadium.
- That's his location?
- If he finds the Cornerstone...
...and strikes it with the Setting Maul,
the new warehouse will be consecrated.
The artefacts will start to phase into
their new home and Warehouse 13...
...will officially come to an end.
[♪♪♪]
Okay. Right.
Let's go to China and stop Valda
from ordering takeout.
[ALARM RINGING]
[BOTH GRUNT]
The silly string's a bust.
Tell me that you have a plan C.
We have no choice, we're gonna
have to destroy the Compass.
What happens if we destroy it?
Happily accepting guesses on that.
PETE: This stadium is too small.
Where's he gonna put everything?
CLAUDIA: According to these,
there are dozens of underground levels...
...each of them several acres wide.
That's also where we'll find
the Cornerstone.
[♪♪♪]
MYKA:
Guys....
That says Warehouse 14.
Whoa.
- Everything's still in flux.
CLAUDIA: Valda hasn't completed it yet.
I told you.
A portal trumps a private jet every time.
Now, we need to set a trap
for that psycho son of a....
Welcome to Cangku Shisi.
Warehouse 14.
My warehouse.
[♪♪♪]
Thank you for providing the means...
...to come to this reality.
You've given me something in this world...
...I could never have had in mine.
Complete control.
Kill them slowly.
I want them to see it all arrive
before they die.
[♪♪♪]
ARTIE:
These buttons...
...are from the lab coat
worn by the chemist...
...Julius Wilbrand
when he discovered trinitrotoluene.
- TNT?
- As the laymen say.
Yes. And when they're put in
close proximity to each other:
Ha, ha. Boom.
Well, if we destroy the Compass...
...what happens when it's time
to move the Warehouse?
Ah, let them use FedEx.
You ready?
Fire in the hole.
[EXPLOSION]
[BOTH COUGHING]
ARTIE:
Is it...?
- Artie, tell me that you have a plan D.
- No!
There's no plan D.
[GRUNTS]
[♪♪♪]
Valda! You son of a bitch!
This is my home!
And I will never, never let you
take it away, do you hear me?
Never!
[GRUNTING]
[GRUNTS]
- Is this rope an artefact?
- No!
It's just a rope!
Stop asking questions and help me!
Pull!
[BOTH GRUNTING]
Guys...
...we gotta get down from here
before Valda finds that Cornerstone.
Claude, just try. Try and reach Claire.
Yeah. Claire?
Claire, listen to me. Valda can't
control you, you hear me? He can't.
You're way too strong. Fight him.
[ALL GRUNTING]
That's just making her angrier.
- Well, what am I supposed to say?
- Connect with her.
Claude, find something
that you both love.
Claire, try to hear me, please.
♪ Blood and blisters on my fingers ♪
♪ Chaos-- ♪
You guys, this isn't gonna work.
Claudia, don't stop.
Just.... Just keep going.
Claudia, please.
♪ Chaos rules when we're apart ♪
♪ Watch my temper ♪
♪ I'll go mental ♪
♪ I'll try to be gentle ♪
BOTH:
♪ When I grow up ♪
♪ I'll be stable ♪
♪ I'll turn the tables ♪♪
[GASPS]
[RUMBLING]
Fine.
I'll be caretaker myself.
Claire? Claire?
Wow, I've always loved
the sound of your voice.
[CLAUDIA CHUCKLES]
CLAIRE:
Oh...
Claude, okay, good.
Myka and I are gonna try and stop Valda
from consecrating Warehouse 14.
Meanwhile, try and get that thing
off her eye.
I tried, but it won't come off.
Okay, wait, guys. If this lens
gave Valda access to Claire's mind...
...wouldn't reversing it
give her access to his...
...so we could transfer
her artefact energy--
Claudia, no. I know what
you're thinking, but no.
Wouldn't transferring
Claire's telekinetic rage...
...into Valda just make him
more powerful?
- Yeah, you're right.
- No, no, no. You know what?
Do it. I have an idea.
I think we can...
...kill two birds with one stone.
Mykes, come with me.
Okay. Wish us luck.
This might hurt.
VALDA:
The Cornerstone.
It's so easy to change the world.
[PETE SCREAMING]
[♪♪♪]
Concentrate. Focus on Valda.
Send him the power.
Hey, Valda?
This doesn't belong to you.
[GRUNTS]
I'll take that.
- Say goodbye to your warehouse.
PETE: Hey, Benny.
Check your pockets.
Fork you!
[SCREAMING]
[GASPS]
Oh, my--
- Yeah? Okay.
- Yeah.
Now get angry about something.
- I'm fine.
- Yes!
[BOTH LAUGHING]
- They did it, yes! You guys! Yes!
- Oh, my God!
MYKA: How many times
do we have to save the world?
- We should get a raise.
- Ha-ha-ha.
[♪♪♪]
Ha! Ha-ha-ha!
- Artie, we did it!
- You and me, we saved the Warehouse!
Whoa, you think maybe
they did something in China?
[♪♪♪]
BOTH:
Nah! Ha-ha-ha.
CLAIRE:
So are you sure I'm really cured?
CLAUDIA:
One hundred percent.
Yeah, the music box energy
required a human host.
When you sent that energy into Valda
and he got erased from this timeline....
- So did the energy.
- Simple physics, really.
With a freaky Warehouse twist.
Yay, Pete! Ha-ha-ha.
- Okay. Ha, ha.
- One more thing.
- Ah...
- What?
- No!
- Yes.
- This belongs to you now.
- No. I told you, my strongest memories...
...are of you and this guitar.
So now that you're back for good,
let's make some new ones.
Besides, I've got my eye on this sweet
'57 Les Paul Goldtop in Featherhead.
Of course you do.
[BOTH CHUCKLING]
And I already booked us into the
Unavail coffeehouse in eight weeks.
It sounds like you found your calling
as a Warehouse agent.
Yeah.
I mean, at least until the whole,
uh, caretaker destiny thing kicks in.
Hey, I was destined to be in a coma
for the rest of my life...
...and somebody changed all that.
Yeah.
[♪♪♪]
See, Jinksy, it's all about--
Hey, guys. I gotta go help Artie.
I'll be right back.
Oh, um. Hey, you were great in China.
[♪♪♪]
Pete?
Okay, Mr. Human Lie Detector.
You look me in the eye
and tell me I'm lying.
I am in love with Myka Bering.
[GASPS]
Damn it.
I know.
[BOTH SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY]
I just....
I can't believe that
the Warehouse almost moved.
We've been here for five years,
you know? It feels like home.
- Try 40 years. Little piece of advice...
- Heh.
...take it one snag at a time.
Something I've learned on this job.
Because you never know
when things are gonna...
[♪♪♪]
...change.
- Artie, I thought we stopped it.
- We did.
- There's a problem, isn't there?
- Yes.
We retrieved the Setting Maul.
We stopped the Warehouse from moving.
Why is that Compass still active?
I had a feeling. Yes.
I'm afraid Benedict Valda's actions
may have set certain events into motion.
- Events? What kind of events?
- The kind that even I...
...may be unable to stop.
[♪♪♪]
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org